How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
  When users create user stories for projects, they're focusing on their wants and needs with projects in an often non-technical fashion. If end users tell you about their wants, such as wanting a travel website that gives them recommendations on previous travel, the development team can then create what the user wants without worrying about specifying technicals. An end user may not fully know or understand what technicals they want, so asking them to communicate what their desired end product is will help the developers get a more complete idea of the work that needs to be done. 
How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  I try to approach development with an open mind, and eagerness to learn. I am excited to continue learning about development, and the agile process and how I can incorporate it into my classes as well as extra projects I want to work on. The agile processes I want to use in future development work is a mix of Kanban boards, scrum/standup, and Jira. Jira would be very helpful for documentation on work done, and help with deadlines and general overall management. Scrum/daily standup would be great for groups, or even for individual projects, utilizing scrum via the rubber duck method with my cats is something I can see being a very helpful tool to assess my work so far, and what needs to be completed. Finally, Kanabn boards will be incredibly helpful for me to visualize work completed, and work left to do for all manners of projects, classwork, independent work, and all sorts of other goals and plans. I may even replace my to do lists with Kanban boards for how helpful I have learned them to be.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  To be a good team member when it comes to development, communication is of the utmost importance. If a team member is drowning, but they don't tell anyone, the whole team will be negatively affected. If a team member is proficient in a certain software, or they have incredible experience with a certain kind of project, knowing that could help the team as a whole because less experienced team members could resource them. Other than communication, adaptability is probably the other biggest charactertistic that makes for a very strong team member. Changes, bugs, user story alterations, changes to the team, all of those can be a big deal in the project development life cycle. Someone who does not adapt well will respond poorly to change, and not be able to work through it too well. But, a team member who is willing to adapt and work through changes is deeply important, because they will ensure they do what they can to complete their work despite obstacles, and it helps overall morale. I've worked with many people who don't care to accept or tolerate change, and it brings the team down when someone is constantly struggling with changes or refuses to adapt to them. 
